Hey I have a really quick video here on the Python documentation.
So we've already been to the python site to install Python.
But if you ever have questions or you want to learn more about something I'm showing you.
You can go back to Python dot org.
Go to documentation.
And then I want to just point out that need to be very careful to use Python 3 docs not Python too and
click there.
And will take you to the latest version if for some reason you are using a different version like 3.5.
You can change a peer.
Just make sure you don't go back to two and you can follow a great tutorial if you have some basic questions.
But if you have a question about something like let's say one of the built in functions like print free
fine print over here you can just do a search as well.
This will give you details about how print works.
So it tells you how to use it.
This is probably going to be a bit overboard for what we know at this point but there are a lot of options
and things that we can do with print that we haven't discussed but that's all I really want to say.
If you ever have questions you can come to the docs do a search and you know this is one portion on
built in functions.
There is stuff on every part of the language.
So if you have a question it can be answered on here or will be.
It's just a matter of finding it.
Also if you do google things like let's say you have a question about Python strings and you Google
it.
A lot of times the top results are using the two point seven or 2.2 something documentation because
they've been around longer.
More people have clicked on them because it's been around longer.
So they're are often indexed higher.
Just be conscious of that.
Usually Python 3 docs are right behind.
So just make sure you click the right one because it can be confusing if you go and you read something
that is no longer true.
The syntax is changed.
So just be careful with that said.
You don't need to go out and read the docs start to finish at this point if you'd like.
I highly recommend that beginner tutorial but in this course I will point out the docs and show you
the things that I think are most useful.
As we progress.
All right.